Document OwnTracks device tracker state attributes (#45052)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/owntracks.markdown

   - Turn on authentication
   - **User ID**: `<Your name>`. You can make one up for OwnTracks.

## Device tracker state attributes

> OwnTracks device tracker entities expose state attributes from location messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When Home Assistant receives a location update from OwnTracks, the device tracker entity includes the following state attributes.
```

{% details "Example state attributes" %}

```yaml
source_type: gps
latitude: 12.345678

> longitude: 12.345678

Reviewer: would it be worth adding a different value for longitude?

gps_accuracy: 60
battery_level: 92
tid: ab
velocity: 0
course: 248
update_timestamp: "2026-03-09T12:18:40+00:00"
```

{% enddetails %}

> The `update_timestamp` attribute is populated from the OwnTracks `tst` field and represents the original update time reported by the device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `update_timestamp` attribute is populated from the OwnTracks `tst` field and represents the original update time reported by the device. It is only present when the location message includes a `tst value, which is always the case for standard location messages.
```
Is it worth mentioning that it is conditional?
